RHIDP-2427: Add Scaffolder, OCM and Topology permissions to RBAC permissions list (#243)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/admin/ref-rbac-permission-policies.adoc

|`scaffolder-template`
|read
|Allows user or role to read a single or multiple steps from a template

|`scaffolder.task.create`
|
|create
|Allows the user or role to trigger software templates which create new scaffolder tasks

|`scaffolder.task.cancel`
|
|

> |Allows the user or role to cancel currently running scaffolder tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Allows the user or role to cancel running scaffolder tasks
```

|
|
|Allows user or role to access the proxy endpoint
|===

OCM permissions::

[cols="15%,25%,15%,45%", frame="all", options="header"]
|===
|Name
|Resource type
|Policy
|Description

|`ocm.entity.read`
|
|read
|Allows user or role to read from the OCM plugin

|`ocm.cluster.read`
|
|read
|Allows user or role to read the cluster information in the OCM plugin
|===

Topology permissions::

[cols="15%,25%,15%,45%", frame="all", options="header"]
|===
|Name
|Resource type
|Policy
|Description

|`topology.view.read`
|
|read
|Allows user or role to view the topology plugin

|`kubernetes.proxy`
|
|

> |Allows user or role to access the proxy endpoint (ability to read pod logs and events within Showcase and {product-very-short})

Reviewer: Showcase is our upstream demo platform, and as such, we do not include it in our enterprise documentation.
```suggestion
|Allows user or role to access the proxy endpoint, allowing them to read pod logs and events within {product-very-short}.
```
